# aipoweredcybersecurity
AI Cyber Solutions offers quality AI-powered cybersecurity solutions to enable organizations achieve high level of security. We are well-known in the industry for rendering extraordinary yet effective IT consulting services in the US. Our advanced cybersecurity solutions keep data breaches at bay by taking proactive measures. Our mission is to provide superior quality solutions on-time every time to ensure 100% client satisfaction. Image for post Our Top Notch Services We at AI Cyber Solutions render various strategic solutions ranging from IT consulting, training and development, and IT staffing. IT Consulting Our experienced team of dedicated cybersecurity experts from various technologies and domains can help fixing your IT issues at an affordable price. You can save huge money involved in having cybersecurity team in-house while simply focusing on your critical business processes. We extend high quality services that fall under the following technologies. 1. Artificial Intelligence &amp; Machine Learning 2. Business Automation 3. Data Science 4. Identity &amp; Access Management 5. Integration Platforms Training and Development Every individual who aims to hold a strong place for themselves in the industry should continuously upgrade themselves. At AI Cyber Solutions, we offer a multitude of carefully curated niche technology courses that allow people to get exposed to the numerously available trending training programs. Our courses are not just restricted to IT professionals as it covers every concept right from the scratch to help job seekers, freshers, people willing to choose a new domain, or even candidates with zero IT knowledge. Our extensive training program covers the below-mentioned topics. 1. Alteryx 2. Appian 3. Cognos Analytics 4. Dell Boomi 5. Elasticsearch &amp; Kibana 6. Mulesoft 7. Pytorch 8. SailPoint 9. Splunk 10. TensorFlow Core 11. Qlik Sense IT Staffing Finding the best talents in the industry isn’t an easy task and that’s exactly why you need us. We work with the motto of providing talented resources specific to your requirement. Our speciality is in offering flexible and agile professionals who are well-qualified and hold good inter-personal skills. We also do background verification to ensure that the candidate aligns with your organization’s culture and the retention rate is good.
